# Project2
SP22 BIMM143 Bioinformatics Laboratory 
Introduction: Antivenoms are antibodies purified from animals injected with small doses of venom, and are used to treat bites from venomous snakes. When the small dose of venom is injected into the host animal, they produce antibodies where the variable region is specific for binding to the antigen (toxin) and the constant region is specific for determining the function of the antibody. IgG (Immunoglobulin G) is a type of antibody that can bind and neutralize toxins, and is the type of antibody that is purified from host animals. Thus, I would like to use a multiple sequence alignment to find the similarities of the immunoglobulin heavy constant gamma 1 (IGHG1) in humans, mouse, cattle, horse and monkey. The IGHG1 gene sequence that is the most similar to the human IGHG1 sequence will be further analyzed to look at protein structure. This will hope to gain insight on which host animal IGHG1 is most similar to the human IGHG1, which would be the best host animal to use to produce antivenom antibodies.
Scientific question: How can the production of antivenom antibodies be optimized in terms of the IgG antibodies that is generated in the host animal?
Hypothesis: If the immunoglobulin heavy constant gamma 1 (IGHG1) in mice, cattle, or horse is the most similar to the IGHG1 of human IgG, and the protein structure of the human IGHG1 and host animal IGHG1 is similar, then that host animal would produce IgG neutralizing antibody that would function in the most similar way as endogenous human IgG, which could give researchers an insight on which animal could produce the most effective antivenom antibodies to treat snakebites in humans.

Files (that I have so far):
For local pairwise sequence alignment: human, mouse, cattle, horse, monkey_IgG1.txt (these are nucleotide sequences downloaded from NCBI)
